# grunt-genwpstylecss

> Generates WordPress theme style.css files from package.json.

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt.

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install Generate WordPress style.css --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('genwpstylecss');
```

## The "genwpstylecss" task

### Overview
In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `genwpstylecss` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  genwpstylecss: {
    options: {
      // Task-specific options go here.
    },
    your_target: {
      // Target-specific file lists and/or options go here.
    },
  },
})
```

### Options

`pkg` is the contents of the current project's package.json.

`_s` is `underscore.string`.

Falsy options will cause the corrosponding field to be omitted from the generated file.

#### name
Type: `String`
Default value: `_s.titleize(_s.humanize(pkg.name))`

The contents of the `Theme Name` field.

#### description
Type: `String`
Default value: `pkg.description`

The contents of the `Description` field.

#### version
Type: `String`
Default value: `pkg.version`

The contents of the `Version` field.

#### uri
Type: `String`
Default value: `pkg.homepage`

The contents of the `Theme URI` field.

#### tags
Type: `Array`
Default value: `pkg.keywords`

The contents of the `Tags` field.

#### author
Type: `String`
Default value: `pkg.author.name`

The contents of the `Author` field.

#### authorUri
Type: `String`
Default value: `pkg.author.url`

The contents of the `Author URI` field.

#### license
Type: `String`
Default value: `pkg.license`

The contents of the `License` field.

#### licenseUri
Type: `String`
Default value: `null`

The contents of the `License URI` field.

### Usage Examples

#### Default
In this example `style.css` is generated by populating all fields using `package.json`.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  genstylecss: {
    dist: {
      dest: 'style.css'
    }
  },
})
```

#### Custom Name
In this example `style.css` is generated by specifying a custom name, and populating all other fields using `package.json`.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  genwpstylecss: {
    options: {
      name: 'My WordPress Theme'
    },
    dest: 'style.css'
  },
})
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

## Release History
* 2014-10-20   v0.0.1   Initial release.

## License
Copyright (c) 2014 Stefan Fisk. Licensed under the MIT license.
